Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

    This assignment was really hard given we didn't learn about dictionaries, their syntax, the exact scope of methods/classes/constructors/variables, and how to make sure those scopes are respected so you don't get a bunch of "cannot access variable" messages, in class.

    The concept of what I had to do was clear from the get go. I had to make classes for the shop and computer in order to turn the procedural programming into OOP. This involved choosing what the computer and the shop should be responsible for. I decided it made the most sense to have the shop control the business side of managing and editing the inventory, while the computer should just be responsible for storing it's own information.

    The hard part was the implementation because I kept running into bugs that were related to my lack of knowledge on how the initial procedural program was using Dictionary. Also, I had to figure out exactly what each line of code was doing and where it was getting its information from in order to rewrite it, most of which we never covered in class. 

    The procedural version was using nested dictionaries to get around needing to reference a separate object. I replaced that nested dictionary with "computer", an object that stores all the information about the computer. It turns out that to make this change, you have to rewrite all the places the program was calling the nested dictionary because the syntax is different for calling a dictionary and calling an object. It would've been really helpful to know this beforehand. 

    In future years, I would consider making this assignment easier, or perhaps offering a list of hints or tips. I feel like I probably had an advantage with this assignment given my prior experience with git, vscode, and languages like Java, and C++, but I had a really hard time with it. For those with less experience I imagine this homework was a lot more difficult and having a really hard assignment straight off the bat sounds like it would be really demoralizing. Especially since there's only one TA available to help and their office hours were packed today. For that reason, what I learned from this assignment was that it's not really worth it for me to go to office hours since most of my time was spent waiting to get help, and even though CS 120 students were trying to help each other out while we waited, it just made us more confused.